All right, who did this? I'm not mad, I just want to know who did it so I can punish them. 
Uh, someone, uh, forged medical information, and that is a felony. 
Uh, leprosy? Flesh-eating bacteria? Hot dog fingers. Government created killer nano robot infection. 
You did this, didn't you? 
Yes you did. 
I know it was you. Okay, fine, you know what? I'm going to have interview each and every one of you until the perpetrator makes him or herself known. And until that time, there will be no health care coverage for anyone. 
The problem, Jim, is that people who are really suffering from a medical condition won't receive the care they need because someone in this office is coming up with ridiculous stuff. "Count Choculitis?" 
Why did you write that down, Jim? Is it because you know I love Count Chocula? 
What did I do? I did my job. I slashed benefits to the bone; I saved this company money. Was I too harsh? Maybe. I don't believe in coddling people. In the wild, there is no Health Care. In the wild, Health Care is: ow, I hurt my leg; I can't run; a lion eats me, and I'm dead. Well, I'm not dead. I'm the lion. You're dead. 
Through concentration, I can raise and lower my cholesterol at will. 
So I can lower it. 
Someone forged medical information, and that is a felony. 
[reading from a sheet] Uh, "Leprosy. Flesh-eating bacteria. Hot-dog fingers. Government-created killer nanorobot infection." 
In the wild, there is no health care. In the wild, health care is, "Ow, I hurt my leg. I can't run. A lion eats me and I'm dead." Well, I'm not dead. I'm the lion. You're dead. 
Okay. First, let's go over some parameters. How many people can I fire? 
Please knock. This is an office. 
Same thing. 
Through concentration, I can raise and lower my cholesterol at will. 
So I can lower it. 
That's not entirely true, because he put me in charge of picking a healthcare plan. 
Call you immediately, good. Hey, listen, since I have you on the phone, um, can I fire Jim? 
Number one: Inverted penis. 
I thought your vagina was removed during your hysterectomy. 
My girlfriend and I broke up recently, and I must say I am relieved. It gives me a chance to sow my wild oats. In the Schrute family, we have a tradition where when the male has sex with another woman, he is rewarded with a bag of wild oats left on his doorstep by his parents. You can use those oats to make oatmeal, bread, whatever you want. I don't care. They're your oats. 
We have three rooms, each with a different theme. 
America, Irrigation and Nighttime. 
Now then, do you have any special needs or dietary restrictions? 
No. 
No, Jim, come on. 
This is beet food. Mose, what are you doing? No, Mose. Put the manure down. Put it down! Do not throw it! Do not... Ow! 
Come in. Did you have another nightmare? 
Oh, Jim. I thought you were Mose. 
[ominously] Oh, yes. Ever since the storm. 
Is everything satisfactory with your stay? 
All right. 
Oh, well, I'll look into that in the morning. Thank you for bringing that to the attention of the staff. 
And as of this morning, we are completely wireless here at Shrute Farms, but as soon as I find out where Mose hid all the wires, we'll get all that power back on. 
State your business! 
That isn't possible, unless you mean gonorrhea. 
Yes, I did, except I don't think she means it. Angela is in a great deal of pain because of the death of her cat and she is in a kind of grieving process and it makes her say things. So, best you just lay off. 
Stupid. 
No. 
Maybe you should... Whatever. 
[mumbling] Beesley? 
[answering phone] Dunder Mifflin. Dwight Schrute. Please hold. 
Schrute Farms, Guten Tag! How can I help you? Yes, we have availability on those nights. How many in your party? Oh, no. I'm sorry. No king beds. No queen either. Well, we make our own mattresses that don't conform to the traditional sizes. 
Closest would be twin. Thank you so much for calling. Call back again. Auf Wiedersehen. 
None of your business, Jim. 
It is not a B&B. 
[later, to the camera] Agrotourism is a lot more than a bed and breakfast. It consists of tourists coming to a farm, showing them around, giving them a bed, giving them breakfast. 
I am not telling you anything. 
Permits are pending. 
Dwight Schrute, Dunder Mifflin. 
Okay. This is a misuse of company phones. 
Where did you read that? 
[to camera] Trip Advisor is the lifeblood of the agrotourism industry. A couple of bad reviews there, you may as well close up shop. That's what took down the Stalk Inn, one of the cutest little asparagus farms you'll ever see. 
You had to. What other choice did you have? 
Well, yeah. 
I think it's inappropriate to date someone you work with. 
No. I think you should date Kelly. 
She works in the annex. You're also welcome to date Toby. 
I can make more sales than a computer. In fact, I challenge that website to make more sales than me today. 
You believe a computer can beat me? 
Well, I will prove you wrong. 
You'll see. 
Just ignore him. 
I just feel like we need something more to acknowledge when I make a sale. 
I am not a bad person. When I left Staples, I took some of their leads with me, but I never intended to use to them. What did I intend to do with them? Who knows? Maybe keep them as a souvenir, maybe use them. 
I've seen this kid before. He's one of the kids that sneaks onto my farm and steals my hemp. 
Tokyo? 
[typing] How do I know this isn't Jim? 
It appears that website has become alive. This happens to computers and robots sometimes. Am I scared of a stupid computer? Please, that computer should be scared of me. I have been salesman of the month for 13 out of the last 12 months. You heard me right. I did so well last February that corporate gave me two plaques in lieu of a pay raise. 
[Irate that Kelly is buying from the computer that he is competing with] What're you doing? I am in the fight of my life against this computer and every sale counts! 
Damn it, Kelly, it knows! It knows what you did! 
[Snatches ream of paper from Darryl and yells at Kelly] Return it! Return it now! 
Y-you don't understand. Okay, if this makes the difference 
I'm gonna tell It that YOU were responsible. 
The eyes are the groin of the head. 
And if we have to defend ourselves, I will stab the security guard in the eye with a jumbo chalk. 
Then I'll grind up the jumbo chalk and blow it in his eyes. 
I'm peeing in this empty can. 
You said we couldn't make any more stops. I really had to go. 
Hey, you're making me spray! 
I think I cut my penis on the lid. 
We are climbing some stairs. I am breathing heavily. 
Is it Karen? 
There's a security guard coming by. Hello. We're warehouse workers. Would you like more proof? 
I can see the security guard's eyes. 
I have to do something to his eyes. 
It's enormous, but it's got wheels. We're wheeling it down the hall into the stairwell. Get the car ready, keep the engine running. 
Leave us, Jim! Leave us. Save yourself. 
I'm losing control of my bladder! 
[groaning] Scranton rules! 
Thanks, girl. 
[thinking Oscar has once been a potential drug mule] Have you ever pooped a balloon? 
[to the camera] He sure left in a hurry. 
That's ridiculous. Of course it wasn't me. 
I would remember. 
That's not how it works. 
Knock it off, okay? I'm interviewing you. 
[disappointed] No. It's marijuana. 
Stop! This is not "Kelly Kapoor's Story Hour." Illegal drugs were consumed on company property, okay? Your ass is on the line, mister! My ass is on the line! Now, I'm gonna ask you again, what time did you go home last night? 
I want him to have all the urine he needs. 
I like the people I work with, generally, with four exceptions. But someone committed a crime, and I did not become a Lackawanna County volunteer sheriff's deputy to make friends. And by the way, I haven't. 
I didn't know that you were at a party on Saturday night. 
Okay, I'm gonna need to search your car. Give me your keys. 
Don't make me do this the hard way. 
I go down to the police station on my lunch break. I tell a police officer, I know several, what I suspect you may have in your car. He requests a hearing from a judge and obtains a search warrant. Once he has said warrant, he will drive over here, and make you give him the keys to your car and you will have to obey him. 
Wait, wait. All in favor of the knapsack filled with canned goods, chainsaw, gasoline and emergency radio in case he wakes up post-apocalypse. 
So I expect you to be on your best behavior, which means none of you will be insubordinate, nor will you foment insurrection. 
Define "foment." 
Hey, hey, hey, hey. What do you think you're doing? What's this? What's The Fist? 
You expect me to believe that you're starting a rebellion? 
Okay, you know what? I would love to join The Fist. 
Jo is coming later today. I cannot have a subordinate trying to make me look stupid. Okay? I need you to promise me you'll be on your best behavior. 
Don't make me fire you. 
Don't make me pre-fire you. 
Watch this. You're pre-fired. And when I'm promoted, you'll be full-fired. 
[shocked] What? 
Yee-haw! Woo-hoo! 
[in Wild West accent] Howdy, partners. It's me, Gun Safety Dwight. And I'm the rootin'-est... 
I can't do this. Um, look, obviously a gun went off under my watch and I'm launching a full investigation. 
Okay, really? 
Come on. 
I just really, really think that we should handle this internally. 
Because you guys are my best friends. And I mean that. Managing you for this last week has been the greatest honor of my life. And if you ruin this, I will burn this office to the ground. 
And I mean that figuratively, not literally. Because you guys are so, so important to me. I love you guys, but don't cross me, but you're the best. 
Keep tabs on that. 
Did she say why? 
39.5? 
Oh, gee, I don't know, is a mega-volcano a problem? God, this day! 
Michael, what's wrong? 
Depression? Isn't that just a fancy word for feeling "bummed out"? 
Is that the last year the data was available? 
Hey! Guys, listen up, Michael is up on the roof and acting strange. 
Un-shun. I think he's suffering from depression. Re-shun. 
Un-shun. Never. Re-shun. I think he wants you all to come out to the parking lot and watch him *die*. 
It's gorgeous. Let's go! 
No, it really is. It's very nice. Come on! 
Everyone's going to be fine in exactly what they're wearing! Let's go! 
Idiots! God what are we going to *do*? 
[simultaneously] Wolves. 
Visual aids? 
A quilt. A depression quilt? 
Okay. 
[about Michael jumping off the roof onto a bouncy castle] When you land, try and land like an eight-year-old. These bouncy castles are not designed for adults. 
Jim, could you please inform Andy Bernard that he is being shunned? 
Okay. Tell him that that's not true. 
Okay, no, Jim. 
Tell him that bears can climb faster than they can run. Jim, tell him! 
[pause] Damn you. 
Yes. I have decided to shun Andy Bernard for the next three years. Which I'm looking forward to. It's an Amish technique. It's like slapping someone with silence. 
I was shunned from the age of four until my sixth birthday for not saving the excess oil from a can of tuna. 
[next scene] Did you get your tickets? 
The gun show. 
What? I believe it. 
I could tell from the body language. 
Good. Let 'em. That's fine. It helps our cause. 
They're forming an alliance. 
[back outside] Damn it. God. Gah! 
God damn it! Why us? 
So, what do you guys hear? What's the scuttlebutt? 
I'm a deer hunter, I go all the time with my dad. One thing about deer? They have very good vision. One thing about me? I'm better at hiding than they are at vision. 
Can I trust Jim? I don't know. Do I have a choice? No, frankly, I don't. Will I trust Jim? Yes. Should I trust Jim? You tell me. 
She had a hysterectomy. 
That's when they remove the uterus. 
It's a real shame, 'cause studies have shown that more information is passed through water-cooler gossip than through official memos, which puts me at a disadvantage because... 
I bring my own water to work. 
What is the ratio of Stanley Nickels to Schrute Bucks? 
I am going to be your new boss. 
It is my greatest dream come true. Welcome to the Hotel Hell. Check-in time is now. Checkout time is never. 
No. And the sheets are made of fire. 
Sorry, we're all booked up. Hell convention in town. 
I'll have to talk to the manager. 
I'm the owner. The co-owner. With Satan! 
Yeah, but I haven't told you my salary yet. 
$80,000 a year. 
To intimidate my subordinates. 
Mmm, let's call it secret assistant to the regional manager. 
Do you accept? 
Once I am officially regional manager, my first order of business will be to demote Jim Halpert. So I will need a new number two. My ideal choice? Jack Bauer. But he is unavailable, fictional, and overqualified. 
Although, publicly, I am going to retain the assistant regional manager position. 
Correct. I need someone I can trust. 
Okay, let's get this started. 
I am the bait. 
Men find me desirable. 
It's a good day, too. I'm wearing my mustard shirt. 
Men find me desirable. 
There's still one thing we can do to get Toby fired. 
Frame him for using drugs. 
Yeah. It's illegal, but, everything they do on "The Shield" is illegal. 
No, I've framed animals before. I framed a raccoon for opening a Christmas present. And I framed a bear for eating out of the garbage. 
I love catching people in the act. That's why I always whip open doors. 
What is my perfect crime? I break into Tiffany's at midnight. Do I go for the vault? No, I go for the chandelier. It's priceless. As I'm taking it down, a woman catches me. She tells me to stop. It's her father's business. She's Tiffany. I say no. We make love all night. In the morning, the cops come and I escape in one of their uniforms. I tell her to meet me in Mexico, but I go to Canada. I don't trust her. Besides, I like the cold. Thirty years later, I get a postcard. I have a son and he's the chief of police. This is where the story gets interesting. I tell Tiffany to meet me in Paris by the Trocadero. She's been waiting for me all these years. She's never taken another lover. I don't care. I don't show up. I go to Berlin. That's where I stashed the chandelier. 
Brownies, is it? 
Pastry cubes made of sugar and fat? No, thank you. I'll stick with my jerky. 
To socialize. And inform. 
You know, you can always refinance your mortgage. We 
had a 15-year on our beet farm, we paid it off early. 
People love beets. 
Everyone loves beets. 
Let's go check out the master bedroom. 
A 30-year mortgage at Michael's age essentially means that he's buying a coffin. Now, if I were buying my coffin, I would get one with thicker walls 
so you couldn't hear the other dead people. 
Actually, I do own property. My grandfather left me a 60-acre working beet farm. I run it with my cousin Mose. We sell beets to local stores and restaurants. It's a nice little farm. 
Sometimes teenages use it for sex. 
Hey, I have an idea. You know that extra bedroom? If the whole girlfriend thing never happens, that's where the nurse can live. 
I have been Michael's number two guy for about five years, and we make a great team. Why, we're like one of those classic, famous teams. He's like Mozart and I'm like Mozart's friend. No, I'm like Butch Cassidy, and Michael is like Mozart. You try and hurt Mozart, you're gonna get a bullet in your head, courtesy of Butch Cassidy. 
[whispering] To keep secrets from my computer. 
Thanks old man. 
Okay, what am I thinking right now? 
No. I was thinking about how the skin is the largest organ of the body. 
Apology rejected. 
Knock-knock. 
K.G.B. 
[smacks Michael] WE will ask the questions! 
Excuse me, I'm sorry, but that's not all it takes to be a hero. 
A hero kills people, people that wish him harm. A hero is part human and part supernatural. A hero is born out of a childhood trauma, or out of a disaster, and must be avenged. 
Shalom, I'd like to apply for a loan. 
OK, do me. Something stereotypical so I can get it really quick. 
Uh, Outback Steakhouse, I'm Australian, mate! 
[shocked] Aw man, am I a woman? 
Oh, man! Am I a woman? 
Aw, man, am I a woman? 
[Diversity Day exercise; Dwight has a card on his head that says "Asian"] "Lots of cultures eat rice" doesn't help me. 
I wish I could menstruate. If I could menstruate, I wouldn't have to deal with idiotic calendars anymore. I'd just be able to count down from my previous cycle. Plus, I'd be more in tune with the moon and the tides. 
"Alien." 
This is a petition for the business park to upgrade their security cameras, as well as install two floodlights in the parking lot. And I know what you're thinking: Won't that just shed more light on the penises? But that is a risk we have to take. Pam, you can draw, kind of. Why don't you work with Phallus on drawing a picture of the exposer that I can post around the community? 
Phyllis. Sorry. I've got penises on the brain. 
Let's put it this way. You do not want to receive three of those. 
Three demerits, and you'll receive a citation. 
Oh, it is serious. Five citations, and you're looking at a violation. Four of those, and you'll receive a verbal warning. Keep it up, and you're looking at a written warning. Two of those, that will land you in a world of hurt, in the form of a disciplinary review, written up by me, and placed on the desk of my immediate superior. 
That is correct. 
What's a dis... What's that? 
Attention. I am removing all bananas from the kitchen. 
Desperate times call for desperate measures. 
[about Angela's cat, Sprinkles] Well, you left the TV on... and your cat is dead. 
[trying to comfort Angela] Hey, come on, don't be sad. Just... Okay? Just... She's in a better place. 
Actually, the place that she's in is the freezer because of the odor. 
Her chart doesn't indicate that she had a hysterectomy. But she did, or at least she got time off for one. 
Cats do not provide milk or wool or meat. 
Hey... Why did you do it? 
Was she talking back? 
Just got sick of that face? Did she owe you money? Uh-oh... is this downsizing? Did she spurn your advances? 
It appears we're one bathrobe short. 
Monkey, this is possum. Do you copy? 
It is my job to be there for Michael. How can I be there for Michael if I am here for Michael? 
Pam and Karen, I am ordering you to cease and desist all party planning immediately. 
As ranking number three in this office, I am order... 
You're number four. 
Uh, no. 
You must turn over to me all Christmas decorations and party paraphernalia immediately. They will be returned to you on January 4th. 
Okay, good. They... 
Okay, this is stupid. 
What? No! No! Wait! Wait, wait, wait. 
Permission to join the Validity Committee. 
Damn it. 
What does it look like? 
And circle gets the square. 
Yes. Jennifer Garner portrayed one on "Alias." It was one of her many aliases. 
Okay. I specifically ordered a stripper. 
Oh, okay. Good. Well, in the future, please identify yourself as such. Okay. 
[reads the text aloud] "Is she hot?" 
Text back, "Kind of." 
I do! I want some man meat! 
I don't care what Jim says. That is not the real Ben Franklin. I'm 99% sure. 
[ordering a stripper over the phone] Ruddy cheeks, thick calves, no tats, no moles. No tats. No, *tats*. Of course, I want... 
What if he's a murderer? 
Maybe that's how you die? 
[In response to Jim's claims of childhood telekinesis] I don't believe you. Continue. 
I'm Michael's wingman. I've got his back. Two dates. He's got two dates tonight. My job is keep Jan away from Carol and vice versa. Michael said, "We must deceive them, so as not to hurt them, and in that way, we honor them." 
I would never, ever serve you. Not in a million, billion years. 
I know. It belonged to my grandfather. He was buried in it, so family heirloom. 
When Darryl was coming, you said you wanted me here for protection. 
Wait, canine AIDS? 
And just as you have planted your seed in the ground, I am going to plant my seed in you. 
One must wrestle fear to the ground. You will now wrestle my cousin Mose! 
Just think, that temp agency could have sent you anywhere. 
Brain teaser: I have two coins, totaling 15 cents. One of them is not a nickel. What are they? 
No. I said one of them is not a nickel. 
Okay. A man and his son get into a car accident. They are rushed to the hospital. The doctor says, "There's no way I can operate on this boy, because he's my..." 
A man is found hanging from the ceiling... 
A hunter... 
Damn it! 
That is correct, unless there happen to be measles present. 
You know what? You can all have jobs at Schrute Farms as human scarecrows. It doesn't pay much and you can't unionize. 
Voodoo Mama Juju, explain your dalliance with the dark arts. 
I know you did it! 
[to the camera crew] I know she didn't do it. It's never the person you most suspect. It's also never the person you least suspect, since anyone with half a brain would suspect them the most. Therefore, I know the killer to be Phyllis, a.k.a. Beatrix Bourbon, the person I most medium suspect. 
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I'm the butler. What, you were listening in on that? Oh, you rich people, you think you can do whatever you want to the servant class! 
I will poison your food. 
Who is he saying? 
No, Michael. 
No. No. Not me. 
Not Dwight. 
I know that's what he said. 
Tell him not Dwight. 
Tell him to stop. 
[to Michael's papier-mâché replica head] Quiet, you! 
Make him be quiet. 
Would I ever leave this company? Look, I'm all about loyalty. In fact, I feel like part of what I'm being paid for here is my loyalty. But if there were somewhere else that valued loyalty more highly, I'm going wherever they value loyalty the most. 
So you got the fax. So why didn't you add it to the résumé? What do you mean? Of course, martial arts training is relevant. Oh, excuse me, I know about a billion Asians that would beg to differ. Yeah, I get a little frustrated when I'm dealing with incompetence! Well, you know what? You can go to hell, too, and I will see you there burning. Fine. Oh, wait, so you'll let me know when you've made a decision? 
Stanley, could you come with me please? 
As Assistant Regional Manager... 
That's a ridiculous question. 
Well, that's debatable. There are basically two schools of thought. 
Bears do not... What is going on? What are you doing? 
[Back at their desks] You know what? Imitation is the most sincere form of flattery. So I thank you. 
Identity theft is not a joke, Jim! Millions of families suffer every year! 
Oh, that's funny. Michael! 
Pam. 
[scoffs] I look like an idiot! 
He, Karen. 
Yeah, that's 'cause I'm your boyfriend, Jim Halpert. 
Hey, Karen. Wanna get together later and have sexual intercourse 'cause you're my girlfriend? 
I'm Jim Halpert. 
[makes some more faces and mumbles] A little comment. 
I grew up on a farm. I have seen animals having sex in every position imaginable. Goat on chicken. Chicken on goat. Couple of chickens doing a goat. Couple of pigs watching. Whoever drew this got it exactly right. 
May I point out that the sex appeared to be consensual? Both animals were smiling. 
Thank you. 
[unfolds a letter from his jacket and reads from it] I state my regret. 
It's very unusual for Michael not to show up to work. My guess, he's either deeply depressed or an icicle has snapped off his roof and impaled his brain. He has this terrible habit of standing directly underneath them and staring up at them. And I always say, "Michael, take two steps back and stare at the icicle from the side." And he's like, "No, I like the way they look from standing directly underneath them." It was only a matter of time. 
Attention, everyone, I just got a text from Michael. He says "personnel day." Are we hiring? 
I say we fill Michael's office with bees. My apiarist owes me a favor. 
[scoffs] No, Jim, I use a bad apiarist. 
Hey, let me float something out there, okay? Can I just say... Can I say something? There is a hive of bees outside the front door. We kidnap the queen, extract her alarm pheromones, place them on a flushable wipe, and put that in his bathroom. 
Oh, man! If only Michael had children. That's how you really apply the pressure. 
Okay, one, Case of the Beet Bandit. Missing beets from all over the farm, no footprints. Inside job, Mose in socks. Boom, case closed. 
[repeating to staff] "You need to do something about your B.O." 
And I don't have to see you tomorrow or Sunday, and please don't call me, and we'll see how things go on Monday. Stupid. 
Duh! 
[running into work after discovering it really was a Friday] I'm here! I'm here! I'm here. It's okay! 
Who? Who was it? Who did he fire? 
No. I went out and got drunk with my laser tag team last night. Crap! Never go out on a Thursday night. What the hell was I thinking? 
No, don't call me a hero. Do you know who the real heroes are? The guys who wake up every morning and go into their normal jobs, and get a distress call from the Commissioner and take off their glasses and change into capes and fly around fighting crime. Those are the real heroes. 
I am not a hero. I am a mere defender of the office. You know who's a real hero? Hiro from "Heroes." That's a hero. Also Bono. 
Every day for eight years, I've brought pepper spray into this office to protect myself and my fellow employees. And every day, for eight years, people have laughed at me. Well, who's laughing now? 
When Han Solo returns to the Death Star in the Millennium Falcon, and shoots down the TIE fighters and saves the Rebel cause, do you think he does so for a free beer? 
What were your favorite moments? 
What about when Jan said the branch was closing? 
When you become close with someone, you develop a kind of sixth sense. You can read their moods like a book. And right now, the title of Michael's book is "Something Weird is Going On: What Did Jan Say? The Michael Scott Story." By Michael Scott with Dwight Schrute. 
[reading fax] Dwight, at 8:00 a.m. today, someone poisons the coffee. Do not drink the coffee. More instructions will follow. Cordially, Future Dwight. 
[sees Stanley about to drink the coffee and sprints across the office, knocking the cup out of Stanley's hand] 
No! 
You'll thank me later. 
You can't do that. Safety violation. I could fall and pierce an organ. 
Damn it! Jim! He put my stuff in Jell-O again. 
You can be a witness. Can you reprimand him, please? 
Downsizing? I have no problem with that. I have been recommending downsizing since I first got here. I even brought it up in my interview. I say, bring it on. 
I like Karen. She's pretty... appears intelligent. 
That's what she said. 
[to a potential sales client] Here's my card. It's got my cell number, my pager number, my home number and my other pager number. I never take vacations, I never get sick. And I don't celebrate any major holidays. 
Second Life is not a game. It is a multi-user virtual environment. It does have points or scores. It doesn't have winners or losers. 
Yes. 
Who put my rocket launcher in Jell-O? 
Question: is there firewood on the island? 
Then I would bring an ax, no books. 
Fine. "Physician's Desk Reference." 
Hollowed out. Inside, waterproof matches, iodine tablets, beet seeds, protein bars, NASA blanket, and, in case I get bored, "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone." No, "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban." Question: did my shoes come off in the plane crash? 
Okay, great. That's gonna keep you warm for, like, seven seconds. 
[to the tune of "We Didn't Start The Fire"] Joe McCarthy, Richard Nixon, Studebaker, television, North Korea, South Korea, Marilyn Monroe! Ryan started the fire! 
All right, picture this. Snowy ash drizzles from the sky. A rabid pack of dogs surrounds you as the flame at the end of your stick dies out. There's only one hope for you: the door to my shelter. You pound. You beg. "Dwight, please let me in." But I ignore your cries and do not let you in. You want to know why? 
Kevin, in sumo culture, you'd be considered a promising up-and-comer. 
Who is Justice Beaver? 
I don't have a lot of experience with vampires, but I have hunted werewolves. I shot one once, but by the time I got to it, it had turned back into my neighbor's dog. 
"Don't be an idiot." Changed my life. 
If a vampire bat was in the U.S., it would make sense for it to come to a "Sylvania," like Pennsylvania. Now, that doesn't mean Jim is going to become a vampire. Only that he carries the vampiric germ. 
Blood alone moves the wheels of history! 
A saleswoman has a vagina. 
When I was in the 6th grade, I was a finalist in our school spelling bee. It was me against Raj Patel. I misspelled, in front of the entire school, the word "failure." 
That doesn't make any sense. 
No. 
I never smile if I can help it. Showing one's teeth is a submission signal in primates. When someone smiles at me, all I see is a chimpanzee begging for its life. 
This is humongous. I am not a security threat. And my middle name is Kurt, not fart. 
I never smile if I can help it. Showing one's teeth is a submission signal in primates. When someone smiles at me, all I see is a chimpanzee begging for its life. 
ID badges are long overdue. Security in this office park is a joke. Last year, I came to work with my spud gun in a duffel bag. I sat at my desk all day, with a rifle that shoots potatoes at 60 pounds per square inch. Can you imagine if I was deranged? 
You could assume everyone is and not say anything offensive. 
Michael appears to be gay, too. And yet he is my friend. I guess I do have a gay friend. 
Of course. 
Absolutely not. 
Well, he's not dressed in women's clothes, so... 
[noticing the women having a meeting] That's a terrible idea. 
Them in there all together. If they stay in there too long, they're gonna get on the same cycle. Wreak havoc on our plumbing. 
Michael wants us to bond, so we need topics for conversation. 
No. 
No. 
No! 
Yeah, and then they make you drive them to church the next morning. Like, gas ain't free. 
Normally, I don't condone leaving early, but I have an appointment with the horse doctor. How that horse became a doctor, I don't know. No, I'm kidding. He's just a regular doctor who shoots your horse in the head when its leg is broken. 
Rolf is my best friend. We met a shoe store. I heard him asking for a shoe that could increase his speed and not leave any tracks. 
How many people need to get hurt before we learn a valuable lesson? One? Two? Three? Four? 
No, no. Hear me out. Five? Six? 
Seven? Can I finish, please? 
Eight? 
[Leaving Pam's desk] ... okay, see you later Pan. 
Danger. 
[delusional] You can't fire me. I don't work in this van. 
Not that guy who murdered his mother. He was not so handsome. Also, Kevin. 
Hold it in your mouth if you can't swallow. 
This is what I'm going to do. I'm going to randomly select three names and these three people will get liposuction. Um... Stanley, Phyllis, Kevin. And you will be responsible for your own medical bills. 
So, what's the joke? You're not perfect, either. 
So, who are we laughing at? 
Who, Dave Barry? 
What is it? Who wrote it? 
That is defacement of company property, so you better tell me. Kelly, if you tell me, you'll be punished less. 
So what's the joke? You're not perfect, either. 
Excuse me, everyone, can I have your attention, please? I just wanted to say that the women in this office are terrible. Especially the ones who wrote that stuff about Michael on the bathroom wall. Having a bathroom is a privilege. It is called a ladies' room for a reason, and if you cannot behave like ladies, well, then you are not going to have a bathroom. 
We are going to have two mens' rooms. 
What belt are they? 
I come from a long line of fighters. My maternal grandfather was the toughest guy I ever knew. World War II veteran, killed 20 men, then spent the rest of the war in an Allied prison camp. My father battled blood pressure and obesity all his life. Different kind of fight. 
[playing Agent Michael Scarn in a screenplay written by Michael] "Sam, get my luggage." 
"Samuel, you are such an idiot. You are the worst assistant ever and you're disgusting. Dwigt." Wait, who's Dwigt? 
Yes, I have acted before. I was in a production of "Oklahoma!" in the seventh grade. I played the part of Mutie the Mailman. They had too many kids, so they made up roles like that. I was good. 
Dry. Delicious. 
[awkward laughter] Oh, that's funny. 
"A real man makes his own luck." Billy Zane, "Titanic." 
Yankee Swap is like Machiavelli meets... Christmas. 
Okay. 
Okay. 
Time thief. Time thief. Fire him! 
Never. 
I am greatly concerned about having a convict in the office. And I do not care if that convict is white, black, Asian, German, or some kind of halfsy. I do not like criminals. 
Prison Mike, what's the very, very worst thing about prison? 
The bigger the key chain, the more powerful the man. 
Who's gonna tell on us? Gabe? 
Why tip someone for a job I'm capable of doing myself? I can deliver food, I can drive a taxi, I can and do cut my own hair. I did, however, tip my urologist. Because I am unable to pulverize my own kidney stones. 
[talking quietly to Angela with Ryan nearby, trying badly to hide their affair] What about that meeting later to discuss finances? 
[slowly whispering] But what if I'm hungry? 
They match the carpet. 
It is a statement of fact 
This is more professional. It's not like she discovered a cure for cancer. 
Are you trying to hurt my feelings? Because, if so, you are succeeding. Fortunately, my feelings regenerate twice the speed of a normal man's. 
I will run this branch or I will destroy this branch. Or... I don't know. Something always works out. 
[Muttering to disguise his voice] Assistant regional manager. 
Assistant regional manager. 
[in French accent] Assistant regional manager. 
In the Schrute family, we believe in a five-fingered intervention. Awareness, education, control, acceptance and punching. 
I stab her in the brain with a wooden stick. 
[to the camera] There are several ways to kill a zombie, but the most satisfying is to stab it in the brain with a wooden stick. 
I trained my major blood vessels to retract into my body on command. Also, I can retract my penis up into itself. 
Not likely. With three billion women on the planet, most of them live in Asia, so the numbers just don't add up. 
Cocks in the henhouse. 
The purse girl hits everything on my checklist: Creamy skin, straight teeth, curly hair, amazing breasts. Not for me, for my children. The Schrutes produce very thirsty babies. 
Well, at least I'm not a horrible little latchkey kid who got suspended from school. So... 
Oh! Here's one. A string quartet playing classical music. 
Mr. Peanut is not classy. 
He is a regular peanut. He just happens to have a cane, a monocle and a top hat. 
I said that! 
There's too many people on this Earth. We need a new plague. 
I saw "Wedding Crashers" accidentally. I bought a ticket for "Grizzly Man" and went into the wrong theater. After an hour, I figured I was in the wrong theater, but I kept waiting. Because that's the thing about bear attacks, they come when you least expect it. 
Reject a woman, and she will never let it go. One of the many defects of their kind. Also weak arms. 
You know what? 
No. 
[voice wavering as he thinks it's partially a result of his comments toward Michael's Sebring] You... The Sebring's cool... 
It's cool, the Sebring's cool... 
...And has a cassette and a CD. 
Don't worry, Michael. I'm taking us to shore. 
[thinking he's steering the "Booze Cruise" boat] I was the youngest pilot in Pan Am history. When I was four, the pilot let me ride in the cockpit and fly the plane with him. And I was four and I was great. And I would have landed it, but my dad wanted us to go back to our seats. 
No way. 
I didn't say anything. 
What do you think I'm saying to you? 
You juked the stats, cupcake. 
[to camera crew] Can't a guy just buy some bagels for his friends, so they'll owe him a favor which he can use to get someone fired who stole a co-manager position from him anymore? Jeez, when did everyone get so cynical? 
What's going on in here? 
Oh, no, really? 
There is no book; there's only a survival guide. 
Hey, hey, hey, hey. I got your text. Who's Phillip? 
[to Phyllis] Who tipped you over? Was it Phillip? 
When my mother was pregnant with me, they did an ultrasound and found she was having twins. When they did another ultrasound a few weeks later, they discovered that I had resorbed the other fetus. Do I regret this? No. I believe his tissues has made me stronger. I now have the strength of a grown man and a little baby. 
What'd you get? 
Oh, really? What else? Let me see. 
Thank you, thanks so much. Um, I wanna dedicate this award to something that uh... we take for granted in our daily lives, and that is the humble trash can. This is for you trash can! 
Michael... I can't believe you came. 
Powerpoints are the peacock of the business world, all show no meat. 
[about their agreement] But not in your bed. It's lumpy. 
We will be called Gryffindor. 
Slytherin are the bad guys, Jim. 
He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named? I wouldn't do that. 
[pushing Michael's face into wet cement] Force it in as deep as you can. 
I am treating you the same as a man, for whom I would also not stand. Unless it was the President, or Judge Judy. 
Bravo, Watson. Looks like a classic seven-man job. Okay, security tapes were stolen. Motives: financial, or possibly vintage HP computer collectors. Hank down at security had clocked out... and that's all we have. 
My German is pre-industrial, and mostly religious. 
Blood, urine, or semen. 
When Michael was in charge, this place was like the Roman Empire. And the Wild West. And war-torn Poland. And Poland. 
In an ideal world I would have all ten fingers on my left hand so my right hand could just be a fist for punching. 
Now, I'm no doctor, but it seems to me that we all have an obligation to the public health to track down anyone who gives us a disease, inform them of it, and take overwhelming revenge on that person. Again, I'm no doctor. I'm just a normal guy who enjoys revenge. 
Otherwise, it's just malfeasance for malfeasance's sake. 
Angela. 
Some sort of virus? 
Oh. 
You're a good assistant, Jim. 
I've pretty much given up on Michael doing the right thing, or the decent thing, or even the comprehensible thing. 
What are you doing here? 
Just once, I would like to be a puppet master and have nothing go wrong. Is that too much to ask? 
Women are like wolves. If you want a wolf, you have to trap it. You have to snare it. And then you have to tame it. Keep it happy. Care for it. Feed it. Lovingly, the way an animal deserves to be loved. And my animal deserves a lot of loving. 
They say no man is an island. False! I am an island, and this island is volcanic, and it's about to erupt with the hot molten lava of strategy. 
[while phone is ringing] Okay, fine, I'll just let it go to voicemail. 
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Pam! Pam! You are not talking to Dwight right now! You are talking to Jim. 
No! Pam, I'm over here! 
Hey, Toby. 
You said that we could come to you if we had any questions. 
[pause] Where is the clitoris? 
On a website, it said, "At the crest of the labia." What does that mean? What does the female vagina look like? 
I'll take care of this. Okay, what seems to be the problem, Officers? 
In the Schrute family, the youngest child always raises the others. I've been raising children since I was a baby. 
Who's the target? 
What's it of? 
Unless you're willing to tell me everything, I cannot accept this assignment. 
Okay, I accept it. 
Uh, try double that. Classic Trans Am, vintage American muscle. Please. 
Xterra's not even a real word. 
Oh, so you drive an X-earth? Yeah, that makes sense. I'd rather drive a classic Trans Am than an X-earth. 
Well, I hope 1985 has a time machine, 'cause I drive an '87. 
Speaking of funerals, why don't you go ahead and go die? 
Idiot! 
If you were driving a Trans Am, you would be the smartest idiot in the whole world. 
[coughing] You're the idiot. 
[coughing] I was making fun of your comeback. That's why it worked. 
In the end, the greatest snowball isn't a snowball at all; it's fear. 
Had them all my life. 
-Pointing to his breasts- No nobies, no probies. Nice try Jim. 
Do I believe that Michael possesses the skills to survive in a hostile environment? Let's put it this way. No, I do not. 
"From the desk of Andrew Bernard." A note. Pathetic. "Dear Dwight, by now you have received my note. How are you? I am well. You are no doubt wondering why I have left this note. It's come to my attention that in any physical match with you, I would surely be bested." True. "The soft underbelly of my refined upbringing is my soft underbelly. Alas, after much consideration..." 
I'm going to vomit. 
Gimli. 
Just trying to be helpful. 
